Add the need for a final communication before concluding the report (#725)
carpentries/docs.carpentries.org: topic_folders/policies/enforcement-guidelines.md

- Give them the opportunity to state their view of the incident.
- Remind them of the consequences of their behaviour, or future consequences if the behaviour is repeated.
- Explain the possible resolutions that may be enforced should the CoCc determine there is a breach.

> - A final meeting/email-communication will ensure that reportee understands the resolution and has an opportunity to clarify concerns.

Reviewer: Start the sentence with a verb and clarify that email communication is a secondary means of communication:
```suggestion
- Conduct a final meeting to ensure that the reportee understands the resolution and has an opportunity to clarify concerns. In some cases, this final communication could be carried over email at the discretion of the IRG.
```

Author: Looks good. Thank you for the edit.
